How many planets in solar system?
Who is the 17th President in Philippines?
how many stars in the flag of Phildppines?
What is the virus infect the world wide on 2018?
What is the national bird of the Philippines?
what is the capital of the philippines?
What is the oldest city in the Philippines?
How many country in the world?
Who is the king of the jungle?
What is the smallest city in Philippines?
What is a group of crows called?
How many dots appear on a pair of dice?
Which is the only body part that is fully grown from birth?
What is acrophobia a fear of?
How many minutes are in a full week?
Sino ang pambansang bayani ng Pilipinas?
Sino ang ama ng rebolusyon?
Ano ang makikita sa bansang Pilipinas na pinagaagawan?
Sino ang unang taong sumakop sa Pilipinas?
Lengawahe ng bansang Pilipinas?



Anong taon binaril ang Pambasang bayani ng Pilipinas?
Anong pinaka malaking hayop sa buong mundo?
Ano pinakamabilis na hayop sa buong mundo?
Ano ang pinaka maliit na hayop sa buong mundo?
Sino ang kilala bilang pilay na bayani?
Nagkaroon ng parangal dahil sa aking galing sa boxing?
Sino ang nagbigay ng unang korona sa miss universe?
Sino ang king of rapper ng Pilipinas?
Kilala bilang bastos na rapper at tinagoriang badsheep?
Sino ang magician sa larangan ng bilyaran?
How many bones are in the human body?
What is the most good conductor?
What does DNA stand for?
What is the hardest natural substance on Earth?
Which is the main gas that makes up the Earth's atmosphere?
Which famous British physicist wrote A Brief History of Time?
What is carbon Dioxide?
What is the most good conductor?
Science is made by God?
What is the biggest planet in our solar system?



What is the smallest planet in our solar system?
What was the name of the first man-made satellite launched by the Soviet Union in 1957?
What is the study of mushrooms called?
What is a material that will not carry an electrical charge called?
Which Apollo moon mission was the first to carry a lunar rover?
What is the only number that has the same number of letters as it’s meaning?
What is the only even prime number?
What is the smallest perfect number?
What is the most popular lucky number?
How many lives are cats said to have?
How many cupcakes are in a baker’s dozen?
What flat image can also be displayed in 3D?
How many equal sides do Icosahedrons have?
What is the prefix meaning 10?
How many sides does a dodecahedron have?
What is the mathematical name for a pound sign?
What civilization first used dot patterns to represent numbers?
How old was Isaac Newton when he developed integral calculus?
Who developed the cartesian axes?
Where was the first recorded instance of math games played?
